[Workers] Update GitHub + Twilio tutorial (#9385)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/workers/tutorials/github-sms-notifications-using-twilio/index.md

---

> updated: 2023-06-14

Reviewer: ```suggestion
updated: 2023-09-28
```

---

## Create a Worker project

Start by using `npm create cloudflare@latest` to create a Worker project in the command line:

```sh
---
header: Create a project
---

> $ npm create cloudflare

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ npm create cloudflare@latest
```

```

For setup, select the following options:
* `Where do you want to create your application?`: Input `github-twilio-notifications`. 

> * `What type of application do you want to create?`: Select `"Hello World" script`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `What type of application do you want to create?`: Select `"Hello World" Worker`.
```

* `Do you want to use TypeScript?`: Select `No`.
* `Do you want to deploy your application?`: Select `Yes`.

Make note of the URL that your application was deployed to. You will be using it when you configure your GitHub webhook.

```sh
$ cd github-twilio-notifications
```

> Inside of your new `github-sms-notifications` directory, `src/worker.js` represents the entry point to your Cloudflare Workers application. You will configure this file for most of the tutorial.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Inside of your new `github-sms-notifications` directory, `src/index.js` represents the entry point to your Cloudflare Workers application. You will configure this file for most of the tutorial.
```

> ## Create a project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Create a Worker project
```

> Start by using `npx create cloudflare` to create a Worker project in the command line:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Start by using `npm create cloudflare@latest` to create a Worker project in the command line:
```

```sh
---
header: Create a project
---
$ npm create cloudflare
```

> For setup you'll select the following options:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For setup, select the following options:
```

> * *Where do you want to create your application?* github-twilio-notifications 
> * *What type of application do you want to create?* "Hello World" script
> * *Do you want to use TypeScript?* no
> * *Do you want to deploy your application?* yes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `Where do you want to create your application?`: Input `github-twilio-notifications`. 
* `What type of application do you want to create?`: Select `"Hello World" script`.
* `Do you want to use TypeScript?`: Select `No`.
* `Do you want to deploy your application?`: Select `Yes`.
```

> Make note of the url that your application was deployed to. We'll be using that shortly when we configure our GitHub webhook.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make note of the URL that your application was deployed to. You will be using it when you configure your GitHub webhook.
```

## Parsing the response

With your local environment set up, parse the repository update with your Worker.

Initially, your generated `worker.js` should look like this:
```js
---

> filename: worker.js

Reviewer: ```suggestion
filename: index.js
```

---
export default {
  async fetch(request, env, ctx) {
    return new Response('Hello World!');
  },
};
```

Use the `request.method` property of [`Request`](/workers/runtime-apis/request/) to check if the request coming to your application is a `POST` request, and send an error response if the request is not a `POST` request.

```js
---

> filename: worker.js

Reviewer: ```suggestion
filename: index.js
```

---
export default {
  async fetch(request, env, ctx) {
    if(request.method !== 'POST') {
      return new Response('Please send a POST request!');
    }
  },
};
```

Next, validate that the request is sent with the right secret key. GitHub attaches a hash signature for [each payload using the secret key](https://docs.github.com/en/developers/webhooks-and-events/webhooks/securing-your-webhooks). Use a helper function called `checkSignature` on the request to ensure the hash is correct. Then, you can access data from the webhook by parsing the request as JSON.

```js
---

> filename: worker.js - fetch()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
filename: index.js - fetch()
```

    const repo_name = formData.repository.full_name;
    const sender_name = formData.sender.login;

    if (!checkSignature(formData, headers, env.GITHUB_SECRET_TOKEN)) {
      return new Response("Wrong password, try again", {status: 403});
    }
  } catch (e) {
    return new Response(`Error:  ${e}`);
  }
},
```

> The `checkSignature` function will use the crypto library to hash the received payload with your known secret key to ensure it matches the request hash. GitHub uses an HMAC hexdigest to compute the hash in the sha1 format. You'll place this function at the top of your file, before your export.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `checkSignature` function will use the crypto library to hash the received payload with your known secret key to ensure it matches the request hash. GitHub uses an HMAC hexdigest to compute the hash in the SHA1 format. You will place this function at the top of your `worker.js` file, before your export.
```
I am seeing MDN spell it as SHA1?

```sh
$ npx wrangler secret put TWILIO_ACCOUNT_SID
$ npx wrangler secret put TWILIO_AUTH_TOKEN
```

Modify your `githubWebhookHandler` to send a text message using the `sendText` function you just made.

```js
---
filename: worker.js - fetch()
---
async fetch(request, env, ctx) {
  if(request.method !== 'POST') {
      return new Response('Please send a POST request!');
  }
  try {
    const formData = await request.json();
    const headers = await request.headers;
    const action = headers.get('X-GitHub-Event');
    const repo_name = formData.repository.full_name;
    const sender_name = formData.sender.login;

    if (!checkSignature(formData, headers)) {
      return new Response("Wrong password, try again", {status: 403});
    }

    return await sendText(
        env.TWILIO_ACCOUNT_SID,
        env.TWILIO_AUTH_TOKEN,
        `${sender_name} completed ${action} onto your repo ${repo_name}`
    );
  } catch (e) {
    return new Response(`Error:  ${e}`);
  }
},
```

> Run the `npx wrangler publish` command to deploy your Workers script:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run the `npx wrangler publish` command to redeploy your Worker project:
```
Since the user already deployed in step 1

```sh

> $ npx wrangler publish

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ npx wrangler deploy
```

```

![Video of receiving a text after pushing to a repo](./media/video-of-receiving-a-text-after-pushing-to-a-repo.gif)

> Now when you make an update (that you configured in the GitHub **Webhook** settings) to your repository, you will get a text soon after. If you have never used git before, refer to this [quick guide](https://www.datacamp.com/tutorial/git-push-pull) for pushing to your repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now when you make an update (that you configured in the GitHub **Webhook** settings) to your repository, you will get a text soon after. If you have never used Git before, refer to the [GIT Push and Pull Tutorial](https://www.datacamp.com/tutorial/git-push-pull) for pushing to your repository.
```
